---
layout: page
sidebar: right
subheadline: Entrepreneurs
title:  "Guide to Emails Sending After Initial Opt-in"
teaser: "Business Email Sending done the right way
It’s a miracle of cosmic proportions when you get an opt-in to your list. There are 931 million websites right now, and that number is only growing.
So......"

comments: true

product_name: "email-profiteers"
product_title: "Email Profiteers"
product_image: "email-profiteers.jpg"
product_price: "$17"
product_retail: "$37"
product_gumroad: https://gum.co/Wzexs

breadcrumb: true
meta_description:
description:
categories:
    - entrepreneurs
tags:
    - entrepreneurs
author: Dev
---
...when people 

* a) find your site, 
* b) spend enough time on it to stumble onto an opt-in opportunity and 
* c) are interested enough to give their email address, you should thank your lucky stars.
And by “thank your lucky stars” I mean follow up with them. Here are a few ideas.

<h4 class="bold"><em>Email #1</em>:  Your Challenges + Wants</h4>
A lot of great marketers suggest this, and I do too. Send an email immediately after opt-in and ask this simple question (or some variation of it):
What are the biggest challenges in your business today?
Create a doc where you save all of the answers you receive. Over time you’ll a have complete profile of the challenges you’re helping your customers solve. That’s the stuff of pro market researchers.
If the question doesn’t apply to your business, consider sending a segmentation email. Just ask which of your products or services the person is most interested in receiving. ONTRAPORT allows you to have a link that, when clicked, adds a tag to their Contact record, so you can deliver more targeted communications in the future.
(For more information on segmenting customers for more relevant communication, check out this article.)

<h4 class="bold"><em>Email #2</em>:  Introduce Your Company</h4>
People have so many choices these days. They can perform a five-second Google search and find millions of results for just about anything. So when you get an opt-in to your list, one of the first things you should do is thank them, and then set expectations and reaffirm some basics about your company. Here’s an email from LivePlan that reinforces their value proposition:
{{picture here}}
Notice how LivePlan uses social proof — “you’ve joined over a million entrepreneurs” — to reinforce the impact and value of their offer.

<h4 class="bold"><em>Email #3</em>: Content Follow-Up</h4>
You spend hours on your content, and people who download it have a specific reason for doing it.  If you receive email addresses through a content download, ask them what they thought about it!

<h4 class="bold"><em>Email #4</em>: Educational Drip Campaign</h4>
Your prospects have a surprisingly small number of predictable sales objections. Here’s a pro tip for you: collect sales objections and come up with a response for each. Translate those objections and responses into educational emails. These emails anticipate your prospects’ thought process and deliver information to them in the order they need it.
Here are a few common objections that might apply to your business:

* **Price:** why is your price so high/low?

* **Credibility:** why should a prospect choose your company?

* **Fit:** is your solution right for the prospect?

* **Timing:** should the prospect wait a while before purchasing?

* **Authority:** prospects need to involve other people in the decision.